PR: Add initial `Methods, helpers and QtPy namespace specifics` section to the README (#357)
spyder-ide/qtpy: README.md

* `pyside6` (to use PySide6).

### Module aliases and constants

> * `QtCore.pyqtSignal`, `QtCore.pyqtSlot` and `QtCore.pyqtProperty` (available on PyQt5/6) are instead exposed as `QtCore.Signal`, `QtCore.Slot` and `QtCore.Property`, respectively, following the Qt5 module layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `QtCore.pyqtSignal`, `QtCore.pyqtSlot` and `QtCore.pyqtProperty` (available on PyQt5/6) are instead exposed as `QtCore.Signal`, `QtCore.Slot` and `QtCore.Property`, respectively, following the Qt5 and PySide2/6 module layout.
```

Maybe better to say this then?

Author: I think just leaving `Qt5 module layout` is enough

* `pyside6` (to use PySide6).

> ### Methods, helpers and QtPy namespace specifics
> 
> As part of providing compatibility for the different Python Qt bindings available, QtPy does some modules mapping and exposes a `compat` module. Bellow you can check some elements to take into account when using QtPy.
> 
> #### Module aliases and constants

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Module aliases and constants
```

Instead of nesting these important sections four levels deep and including a long block of summary text that doesn't really add much important information or serve the purpose of being [Reference docs](https://diataxis.fr/reference/), I suggest simply making these top-level sections.

> * `QtCore.pyqtSignal`, `QtCore.pyqtSlot` and `QtCore.pyqtProperty` (available on PyQt5/6) are replaced by `QtCore.Signal`, `QtCore.Slot` and `QtCore.Property` following the Qt5 module layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `QtCore.pyqtSignal`, `QtCore.pyqtSlot` and `QtCore.pyqtProperty` (available on PyQt5/6) are aliased to `QtCore.Signal`, `QtCore.Slot` and `QtCore.Property` following the Qt5 module layout.
```

Is this more accurate?

Author: Well I used replaced since these elements are not available from QtPy (you can't do `from qtpy.QtCore import pyqtSignal`). So they are not just aliased but also deleted. Maybe there is a word to describe that and that is more clear than `replaced`? Maybe something like `...(available on PyQt5/6) are deleted and aliased to...`

Reviewer: Okay, thanks for the clarification—I wasn't sure which you intended to mean. "Replaced" is okay (deleted implies that a destructive modification is made on the original packages, rather than simply not exposed by QtPy), but to be more clear, you could say

```suggestion
* `QtCore.pyqtSignal`, `QtCore.pyqtSlot` and `QtCore.pyqtProperty` (available on PyQt5/6) are instead exposed as `QtCore.Signal`, `QtCore.Slot` and `QtCore.Property`, respectively, following the Qt5 module layout.
```

What about PySide?

Author: Ok :+1: Regarding PySide, it uses `Signal`, `Slot` and `Property` already so QtPy doesn't need to do anything

* The Qt version being used can be checked with `QtCore.__version__` (instead of `QtCore.QT_VERSION_STR`) as well as from `qtpy.QT_VERSION`.

> * For PyQt6 enums, unscoped enum access was added by 
> promoting the enums of the `QtCore`, `QtGui`, `QtTest` and `QtWidgets` modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For PyQt6 enums, unscoped enum access was added by promoting the enums of the `QtCore`, `QtGui`, `QtTest` and `QtWidgets` modules.
```

To be consistent with the others.

> * Compatibility is added between the `QtGui` and `QtOpenGL` modules for `QOpenGL*` classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Compatibility is added between the `QtGui` and `QtOpenGL` modules for the `QOpenGL*` classes.
```

Grammar

> * To check the current PySide2/6 binding version you can use `qtpy.PYSIDE_VERSION`. If PySide is not being used as the binding the value returned will be `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To check the current PySide2/6 binding version, you can use `qtpy.PYSIDE_VERSION`. If PySide is not being used as the binding, the value will be `None`.
```

Add two missing commas and use correct terminology (a callable returns, while an attribute simply has a value)

> * To check the current PySide2/6 binding version you can use `qtpy.PYSIDE_VERSION`. If PySide is not being used as the binding the value returned will be `None`.
> 
> * To check the current PyQt5/6 binding version you can use `qtpy.PYQT_VERSION`. If PyQt is not being used as the binding the value returned will be `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To check the current binding version, you can use `qtpy.PYSIDE_VERSION` for PySide2/6 and `qtpy.PYQT_VERSION` for PyQt5/6. If the respective binding is not being used, the value of its attribute will be `None`.
```

* Unify these two nearly duplicate items
* Add missing commas
* Use correct terminology (a callable returns, while an attribute simply has a value)
* Minor clarifications

> * To check the current selected binding you can use `qtpy.API_NAME`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To check the current selected binding, you can use `qtpy.API_NAME`
```

Add missing comma

* There are boolean values to check if Qt5/6, PyQt5/6 or PySide2/6 are being used: `qtpy.Qt5`, `qtpy.Qt6`, `qtpy.PYQT5`, `qtpy.PYQT6`, `qtpy.PYSIDE2` and `qtpy.PYSIDE6`. `True` if currently being used, `False` otherwise.

#### Compat module

> In the `qtpy.compat` module you can find wrappers for `QFileDialog` static methods and sip/shiboken functions as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `qtpy.compat` module, you can find wrappers for `QFileDialog` static methods and SIP/Shiboken functions, such as:
```

* Fix grammar
* Add missing commas
* Proper capitalization
